ROX-17384: Update policy category information (#61240)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/create-policy-from-system-policies-view.adoc

You can create new security policies from the system policies view.

.Procedure
. On the {product-title-short} portal, navigate to *Platform Configuration* -> *Policy Management*.
. Click *Create policy*.
. Enter the following details about your policy in the *Policy details* section:
** Enter a *Name* for the policy.
** Optional: Attach notifiers to the policy by selecting from the available *Notifiers* under the *Attach notifiers* section.
+
[NOTE]
====

> You must integrate {product-title-short} with your notification provider, for example, webhooks, Jira, PagerDuty, Splunk, or others before you can forward alerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can forward alerts, you must integrate {product-title-short} with your notification provider, such as webhooks, Jira, PagerDuty, Splunk, or others.
```
This is my attempt at reducing the number of commas here for better readability.

====
** Select a *Severity* level for this policy, either `Critical`, `High`, `Medium`, or `Low`.

> ** Select policy *Categories* you want to apply to this policy. For information about creating new categories, see "Creating and managing policy categories" later in this document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Select policy *Categories* you want to apply to this policy. For information about creating categories, see "Creating and managing policy categories" later in this document.
```
- You can simplify "creating new" to "creating" and retain the same meaning.

** Enter details about the policy in the *Description* field.
** Enter an explanation about why the policy exists in the *Rationale* field.
** Enter steps to resolve violations of this policy in the *Guidance* field.
** Optional: Under the *MITRE ATT&CK* section, select the link:https://attack.mitre.org/matrices/enterprise/containers/[tactics and the techniques] you want to specify for the policy.
.. Click *Add tactic*, and then select a tactic from the drop-down list.
.. Click the *Add technique* to add techniques for the selected tactic. You can specify multiple techniques for a tactic.
. Click *Next*.

> . In the *Policy behavior* section, perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Policy behavior* section, take the following steps:
```
IBM Style Word Usage guidance about _perform_:
>Do not use if more direct wording is possible. For example, instead of writing _Perform the product installation_, write _Install the product_.

*** Runtime policies can include all build-time and deploy-time policy criteria but they can also include data about process executions during runtime.
.. Optional: If you selected the *Runtime* lifecycle stage, select one of the following *Event sources*:
*** Deployment: {product-title-short} triggers policy violations when event sources include process and network activity, pod exec and pod port forwarding.
*** {product-title-short} triggers policy violations when event sources match Kubernetes audit log records.
. For *Response method*, select one of the following options:
.. *Inform*: include the violation in the violations list.
.. *Inform and enforce*: enforce actions.
. Optional: If you selected *Inform and enforce*, in *Configure enforcement behavior*, select the enforcement behavior for the policy by using the toggle for each lifecycle.
It is only available for the stages you select when configuring *Lifecycle stages*.
The enforcement behavior is different for each lifecycle stage.

> **** *Build* - {product-title-short} fails your continuous integration (CI) builds when images match the conditions of the policy.

Reviewer 2: match the critieria (for consistent terminology)

**** *Deploy* - {product-title-short} blocks creation of deployments that match the conditions of the policy.
In clusters with admission controller enforcement, the Kubernetes or {ocp} API server blocks all noncompliant deployments.
In other clusters, {product-title-short} edits noncompliant deployments to prevent pods from being scheduled.

> **** *Runtime* - {product-title-short} kills all pods when an event in the pods matches the criteria of the policy.

Reviewer: I realize that you didn't add the word "kills" here, but is it possible to replace it with something less violent? Maybe "stops" or "ends"?

Author: I've asked the developer to make sure that another word would be accurate since I'm not sure if this is a specific term that's used in Kubernetes and has a specific meaning.

> **** *Runtime* - {product-title-short} kills all pods that match the conditions of the policy or blocks the action taken on the pods.

Reviewer 2: when an event in the pods matches the criteria of the policy

(this is a common source of confusion with users: pods for existing deployments don't get killed unless an event in the deployment pods occurs that matches the policy criteria values - runtime policy evaluation is event based)

====
.. Optional: Click *Add condition* to add policy sections that contain additional criteria that will trigger the policy (for example, to trigger on old, stale images, you can configure that `image tag` *is not* `latest` *or* `image age` and specify a minimum number of days since an image is built).
. Click *Next*.
. In the *Policy scope* section, configure the following:
** Click *Add inclusion scope* to use *Restrict by scope* to enable this policy only for a specific cluster, a namespace, or a label.
You can add multiple scopes and also use regular expression in link:https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax[RE2 Syntax] for namespaces and labels.
** Click *Add exclusion scope* to use *Exclude by scope* to exclude deployments, clusters, namespaces, and labels you specify. The policy will not apply to the entities that you select.

> You can add multiple scopes and also use regular expression in link:https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax[RE2 Syntax] for namespaces and labels.

Reviewer: Should the two instances (line 70 and 71) of "regular expression" be "regular expressions"?

Author: I've seen both, but I actually researched this for the RH SSG and we went with the singular form. I guess if I were talking about entering multiple regex items, then the plural would be more accurate, but I think this usage is OK.
